Alright Morty, you ready for our adventure to the lost city of Atlantis?
Ready as I'll ever be, Rick!
Fuck's sake, hello!
I'm Rick P22, this is my Morty.
We're going from reality to reality, asking Rick's to contribute to the Citadel of Rick's
redevelopment fund.
What are you, stupid?
We're done with the Citadel of Rick's.
I was never on board with it in the first place, that's why I murdered everyone in charge
and left it to rot.
Oh, that was you.
They tried to murder him first.
Oh, jeez, well, you'll be happy to know that the council's gone now, that he knows
he murdered them.
You want to rein in your Morty every day?
The Citadel of Rick's redevelopment fund, don't...
Morty, he's not gonna...
Donate.
You're pitching the policeman's ball to a black teenager here.
Please, no.
You don't have to be a dick.
I think you know that's not true.
Jeez, I didn't know there were still Rick's and Morty's living on the Citadel.
I wonder what their day-to-day lives are like.
Well, you can keep wondering that.
Will we go on a fun, fresh, self-contained adventure to Atlantis?
Anyone continuing to explore the Citadel is either stupid or one of the unfortunate
millions held hostage by their terrible ideas.
Man, I'm glad I'm not one of them.
The Citadel of Rick's Redevelopment Fund, don't...
Donate.
You want to rein in your Morty every day?
The Citadel of Rick's Redevelopment Fund, don't...
Donate.
You want to rein in your Morty every day?
Citadel Morty goes, news about the Citadel in the morning.
Free self-explanatory.
Good morning.
I'm Rick D716B.
And I'm Rick D716.
Must be nice.
Coming up, gravity outages and eccentric heights.
And is your uranium-powered cellular matrix making you sick?
The answer may not surprise you.
It's yes.
It's uranium.
Those stories and more after this break.
Six deuterations off the central finite curve.
There's a Rick that works more with wood than polarity plating.
His name is Simple Rick, but he's no dummy.
He realized long ago that the greatest thing he'd ever create was his daughter.
I love daddy!
We captured that moment.
We run it on a loop for Simple Rick's mind.
And the chemical that makes his brain secrete goes into every Simple Rick.
Simple wafers, wafer cookie.
Come home to the impossible flavor of your own completion.
Come home to Simple Rick's.
Just one day remains before our newly Democratic Citadel elects its first president.
It's anyone's race among the Rick candidates.
But a certain other candidate should be getting at least one vote for most adorable.
That's right.
The Morty Party candidate still in the race, and you just gotta love him for that.
Here you see him in his little Morty suit waving.
Isn't that adorable?
Little jackass.
Oh yeah, I think we actually have the audio for his speech here.
Oh geez, oh man, I'm gonna lose the election and stuff.
We had a good run, sir, but I think it's time to pull out of the race.
I feel pretty confident about tonight's debate.
You shouldn't, sir.
You should be terrified.
Maybe you should find a little faith, young man.
You don't pay me to have faith.
And we're the same age.
Oh, sorry, I was expecting...
But Rick, partner, lesson one, rookie.
Expect the unexpected.
Now get in.
Morties are human!
Get the fuck off the car, you rickless fucking animal!
The election got these yellow shirts more riled up than a picture day, Jessica.
That's pretty harsh, sir.
So report me. Nobody gives a fuck.
Look, I'm just saying.
Makes me a little sad to hear a Morty cop calling Morty's animals.
Well, it makes me sad to hear another Rick cop buying into his sensitivity training.
Well, I'm glad to know there's more like me.
Oh, there was one.
Why do you think that seat was empty?
Robbery at Fifth and...
Avenue.
Fifth and...
That's Morty Town.
Unit seven respite.
Good idea, Rick.
This is a great adventure.
I love being your new Morty.
I love being your new farty.
Very amusing, Mr. Smith.
Almost as amusing as when your first Rick was decapitated on Zorpathian Nine.
Or was that your third Rick?
How many ricks have you had?
Five.
I see. So you are top of the class in something.
Tomorrow you'll be transferred to your new ricks.
Hopefully, they will be your last.
Yes, slow Rick.
Tall Morty, did I graduate this time yet?
Anything's possible, Tall Morty.
I guess we won't be seeing each other after this, huh?
I say we make our last date count.
I say we go to the wishing portal.
That's a myth.
It's not a myth.
My first Rick's fourth Morty knew a Rick whose Morty went there.
If we're not here for graduation, our butts are gonna wind up in Morty Town.
I thought your last Rick fused you with the lizard.
Not a chicken.
Okay, fine. I'm in. Me too.
What the hell?
I thought I saw a fly.
Listen up, fucknaps.
I've been your supervisor for five years,
but all shitty things must come to an end,
and I have been promoted to regional manager.
Yeah, I feel the same way.
May we never meet again.
Of course, that makes the position of supervisor available.
So, as of next week, the ass you'll be kissing will be that of...
K83, affectionately known as Cool Rick.
I know I'm new to the Citadel,
and some of you might not think I've put in my time,
but what can I say?
I'm Cool Rick!
Yo, ha ha, check me out.
Alright, knuckle.
Any questions?
Alright then, back to work, you Gold Rickers.
No ricks, no families,
tie up their asses and run in a muck.
Mortys are raised to be sidekicks.
Without a sidekick, they just start kicking.
They were about my height?
Around 14 years old?
Oh, their shirts were yellow?
Yeah, make sure you get that down.
Any mutations? Armentations?
Three eyes, a tail, maybe a buzz cut?
No, just four normal mortys.
Normal? Put it in your blog.
Let me turn over a few rocks.
Ah jeez, hey, what's going on fellas?
Ah jeez man, nothing man, we're just hanging out and stuff.
I hear that, ah jeez, I guess I'm supposed to be figuring out
who robbed the store across the street, but ah jeez, I don't know.
Ah jeez man, that sucks that your rick's making you do that.
He's not my rick, he's my partner.
Ah jeez.
Well, maybe the uniform makes a big difference.
Who am I to say, to me, you just look like a sidekick.
Call me a sidekick one more time, call me a sidekick!
Hey man, come on, ah jeez, how I paint a wall!
It was the Morty Town Locos man, the Morty Town Locos!
Do you realize how many codes you just violated?
Ah jeez rick, what do I know about knowing stuff?
Get in the fucking car.
More lasers, you can take more time to answer the question if you like.
Okay, juggling rick, how would you solve the Citadel's financial crisis?
First off, can I just say that I believe this Citadel is the greatest in the entire multiverse.
Now, I believe the answer to your question has three parts.
First, education spending must get much higher, but it has to be balanced with defense.
Can we fact check this please?
Never mind, who am I kidding, this race is over.
That's how you run a Citadel.
Get it Morty, the number of displaced Mortys is soaring,
while rick's satisfaction levels are plummeting,
and the divide between the two groups has never been whiter.
Solve that one real quick.
I don't see a divide between ricks and Mortys.
Oh shocker.
I'll let go for a rebuttal.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, I think we can all agree on one thing.
Well, came out as two things, but you get the idea.
You guys finished?
The division I see is between the ricks and Mortys that like the Citadel divided,
and the rest of us.
I see it everywhere I go.
I see it in our schools, where they teach Mortys we're all the same
because they're threatened by what makes us unique.
I see it in our streets, where they give guns to Mortys,
so we're too busy fighting each other to fight real injustice.
I see it in our factories, where ricks work for a fraction of their boss' salary,
even though they're identical and have the same IQ.
The Citadel's problem isn't homeless Mortys or outraged ricks.
The Citadel's problem is the ricks and Mortys feeding on the Citadel's debt.
Holy shit.
He's headed for the Flavor Corps.
But I've got a message for them.
But the ricks and Mortys keeping it alive.
A message from the ricks and Mortys that believe in this Citadel
to the ricks and Mortys that don't.
You're outnumbered.
Holy shit.
I don't believe it. I can't believe it.
I know. That's why you're fired.
Sounds like you're looking for work.
I can offer you a very enticing compensation package.
First, let's talk benefits.
Daddy loves you. That's Daddy's good girl.
You're like this a lie, man. All your life's your lies.
Don't you get it? They told us we were special because we were ricks,
but they stripped us of everything that made us unique.
We know how you feel. We're working stiff ricks just like you,
but our assembly line is justice. What are your demands?
I want a portal gun. Unregistered, untraceable, with enough fluid to take me off this goddamn prison.
The media's outside. We'll keep them there.
Anyway, so yeah, the suspect says the Citadel's a lie, built on lies, and some other shit.
I say appreciate the life you have because it can always be worse.
Back to you, ricks. Thank you, Rick 716C.
That fucking guy. Tell me about it.
Meanwhile, in election news, an unexpected turn of events as Morty from the Morty Party soars to the top of the party.
Morty, what's your original reality and where's your Rick?
Gosh, we moved around so much, it's hard to remember. I see every Rick is my Rick.
I hope they see me as their Morty.
Another, please, with less water.
Hey, cheer up, pal. A Morty's gonna be president.
Imagine this kisser getting blamed for everything. I guess I should have had more faith.
It's not faith you need. It's fear.
What's this?
It's secrets. What do you think it is? Look at how I'm dressed.
Having taken aim at the system, are you afraid at all for your safety?
I'd rather live in hope than fear. If I had to fear anything, I'd fear other people being afraid.
Of fear itself, but no, I'm not afraid.
Hey, Rick Man, when there's a Morty president, you gonna lick my balls or what?
Shit, grandson, you keep me peeling scrap squabs and slipping nib nibs. I'll lick whatever ain't nailed down.
Hands in the air.
What the hell, man? What the hell in hell?
You guys doing a little chemistry homework with grandpa?
Is this what I think it is?
Boot Lake Portofluid.
I guess his math was off. Search the place.
Are you my new Rick?
It's okay, Morty.
Jesus, he stabbed me. He got me bad, Morty.
It's okay. You're okay.
You were right. Everything I learned at the academy was...
Doesn't matter. Nothing's wrong with putting your faith in a Morty. You just gotta pick the right one.
Why is there a crib in here?
Something they do to make you feel bad.
Boy, got us knee-deep in paperwork, huh?
Go to the car and grab a medi-pack. Let me worry about this.
What happened? Same old story. Morties killin' Morties.
Almost... got it.
Pack out and get the hell away from my damn mega-fridge!
Sick of Morty!
I don't wear this damn hat.
Commit to this rural character so you can eat for free while you come of age.
I bet the Wishing Portal leads to a reality where they're...
We're all wearing some bunch of French toast with boobies.
I bet it leads to a place with a bunch of fri- flies everywhere.
Yeah, I bet it goes nowhere.
I bet it's a big hole where the Citadel dumps all its broken dreams.
Slick, why do you have to be so dramatic?
You wanna know why? Because of this.
I'm part of an experimental line of Morties with a drama implant.
How do you think it feels, fat Morty?
To know that no matter where I go, I'll always be the one that makes everybody sad and... a little bored.
Slick, that implant isn't who you are, okay?
You also roll up your sleeves.
I thought I was left-handed, Morty.
Then you should use your left hand to eat more vegetables.
Hey there! How you doin'? Great to meet you.
I'm a plumber, sir. I'm a Rick and I'm a plumber.
That doesn't sound like Rick work. You didn't come to the Citadel to be a plumber, did you?
I sure didn't, sir.
Mr. Morty, Mr. Morty, I cloned myself so you could kiss me as a baby.
This is just like a Morty baby.
Hey, did you, uh, end up getting a new job?
Yeah, I did.
Assassinating...
You look like you could use a good time. One dance for ten, two for twenty-five.
No thank you, mad math.
Yeah! This is a good time!
What is this place?
The Crete Bee Morty. What is it your kind's always saying? Don't think about it.
Come on, there's someone important I want you to meet.
Uh, Bubba-la! How'd it go with the Morty Town Locos?
They had a little accident. They won't be causing any trouble anymore.
Those were bad Mortys. Very bad Mortys.
Big Morty likes to contribute to keeping the peace in Morty Town.
Think of him as a drug lord and us as cops on his payroll.
Morty? Which Morty?
Which Morty?
My partner. Morty, you're right. Morty Town is bad, but it doesn't mean that we have to be.
Hey, what's going on here, Morty?
Which Morty?
Which Morty? The cop morons?
Don't worry about Rick, Big Morty. He's new. He doesn't understand how it works.
That's what you said about your last partner.
Why would you say something like that, Big Morty? You're fucking things up for both of us here.
Wrong. He's fucking things up for both of you. Unless he takes the money.
Big Morty, you're under arrest.
Smartest man in the universe.
Oh! Oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
So big now, are ya?
I never was. It was figurative.
That's enough.
If we don't kill him, he'll talk.
If you do, I'll talk.
One thing's for sure. You all don't have to worry about Cowboy Morty talking.
This little cow poke's kind of mosey up on outta here.
You told me to put my faith in the right Morty. I've got faith in you, partner. Do the right thing.
Oh, Grandpa Rick. I don't want to be on the Citadel anymore.
I want to be a regular kid. I want to go to school and throw balls around in Masturbate.
What the hell happened in there?
Same old story. Rick's killing Mortys.
Okay, man. Okay. We got your portal gun.
What the hell's he doing?
Where am I?
A bad place, but you're going to a better one soon.
Hey! Hey!
No, no, no, no!
Oh, god damn it! A portal to the Blender Dimension? That's the oldest trick in the book!
I'm a Rick! I'm more Rick than any of you!
Then you should know you just killed your only leverage!
Then come and get me, motherfuckers!
I'm Rick De Sanchez III, owner of this here Wait for Establishment,
and I say that the Rick in there is right. He's more Rick than any of you.
He's a terrorist!
What Rick isn't? The Citadel was founded by Rick's four ricks to be free.
What's your name, young man?
Rick, and I'm...
Same age as me, I know. How long have you worked here?
15 years?
What the hell have we become?
Whatever time you were going to make him serve, he served it.
It ends now. Come with me, friend.
Where are we going?
To your new life, which starts with walking the fuck out of here.
Yo, J-22, give him hell!
There's a Rick that held a factory hostage after murdering his boss and several co-workers.
The factory made cookies, flavored them with lyes.
He made us all take a look at what we were doing, and in the bargain he got a taste of real freedom.
We captured that taste, and we keep giving it to him so he can give it right back to you.
And everybody that knew simple Rick Freedom Waiver selects.
Come home to the unique flavor of shattering the grand illusion.
Come home to simple Rick.
It is real!
After you.
There it is. The wishing portal.
If they say for your wish to come true, you have to give up something really important.
For me, that's my penini maker.
I wish for a million sandwiches.
And yes, I see the irony.
I guess I wish I had something cooler than this dumbass surfer necklace.
I wish incest porn had a more mainstream appeal.
For a friend of mine.
None of those things are gonna happen, you know.
Morty wish has never come true.
Not on the Citadel.
Then why did you bring us here?
Because I wish that would change.
I wish anything about this life would change.
Well, I hope you're putting something pretty goddamn important in there.
Me too.
But I doubt it.
No way!
Maybe... maybe it went somewhere nice.
Garbage dump! Stand! Back!
He had to be stopped. He couldn't be allowed to win.
Then you should have worked on your aim, bro.
He's alive? No, no, no! You gotta listen to me!
I worked for him. I was his campaign manager!
That Morty is not what he seems.
Yeah, well, no Morty seems like a president.
He won?
Yeah. It was a blowout.
I hardly call it a blowout. It was almost close enough to trigger a recount.
Jesus, what are you joke security now, too?
Why am I still here?
I already confessed to everything. Your case has been reviewed. You're free to go.
But I violated at least a dozen departmental codes.
New department. New codes. New Citadel.
Did we miss graduation? Where are the new ricks?
No graduation. No new ricks. The school's curriculum is changing.
To what?
I don't know and I don't have to know. I've been fired. Good luck, turds.
Holy crap. Slick's wish came true.
Sorry I'm late, Mr. President. Had a little crisis at work. Worth it?
It's no problem. A little more off the top.
You were saying? Garment District, Rick?
We were saying, President Morty, that we don't care who sits in that seat.
A Rick, a Morty, a goddamn Jerry doesn't matter.
We've been running the Citadel since before the council,
and you'll find that we're still running it now.
Does he really speak for everyone here?
Yeah.
Well, I think it's important to be clear.
Raise your hand if he speaks for you.
Is that enough off the top?
No. Is it?
Yes, yes, goddamn yes.
God damn yes.
Good.
It seems like a good time for a drink.
And a cold, calculated speech with sinister overtones.
A speech about politics.
About order.
Brotherhood.
Power.
But speeches are for campaigning.
Now is the time for action.
Yeah!
Atlanta's baby!
That was amazing!
Got some of that mermaid pus.
I'm really hoping it wasn't a one-off thing, and I can see her again.
By the way, hey, um, still not curious about what might have happened at that crazy Citadel place?
Not at all, Morty.
That place will never have any bearing over our lives ever again.
Unlike that mermaid pus,
I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not.
I'm not sure.
We're bearing over our lives ever again.
Unlike that mermaid pus, yeah!
We're going back for seconds!
We're gonna do that shit every week, man!
That was Atlantis!
Oh, shit!
Did you get any of that?